In the last video, we made a change to our host file and we put in here whenever we tried to go to
post on our local machine.
Don't go to the real post out there on the Internet.
Instead, just connect to the local machine.
I just want to throw a quick note out there, a quick clarification.
There's nothing special about post being used there or in the host file right here.
We don't have to say post just because we are trying to go to a path of posts or a service, a post
or anything like that.
I just thought the domain name post made sense for the application we were building.
This could have just as easily been a host of my dash app dot org.
If we did that, then we just need to make sure that we update the host file to my app or Alexa.
So the only requirement here is that we've got something consistent inside the host file.
And inside of our ingress service config file as well.
The other thing I want to mention is that what we're doing here, modifying that host file is really
just appropriate for a development environment.
Once we start to deploy this thing out online, we don't have to make any actual changes to any host
file on remote server or anything like that, because we'll be connecting to the real jpost.com, which
would hopefully connect us over to our Kubernetes cluster.
So just a little bit of clarification there.
All right.
So now that we got that out of the way, let's continue moving forward on our application.
The next thing we're going to do is start to set up that React app dev server pod.
We need to make sure that inside of that React app server, our actual React code is going to make requests
now to post because that's where in theory our Kubernetes cluster is located.
If we make a request to Post or React app is going to attempt to connect to that ingress and export.
So let's go into our React app code.
We're going to make sure that any time we made a request to local host, we will change it to be post
instead.
So inside my client directory.
I'm going to open up the source folder and we'll just go through every file inside of here.
Just make sure that any time we make a request, we make the request to post.
So here is inside of comment create.
I see a post request being made right now to localhost 4001 not what we want.
Instead we want post dot com.
So again, that's not going to go to the actual post on the Internet.
It's going to be to our local machine.
Okay.
I think that's it for this file.
I'll move on to comment list.
I don't think we are making any requests inside of a comment list.
So I'll close that file.
We'll go on index dogs.
No requests inside of here.
I'll go to post create.
Yep.
Looks like we're making a request right here.
So I will replace local host colon 4000 with post instead.
No other requests inside of here.
And so I'll go on to a post list.
Looks like we've got a request right here as well.
We'll change that to post as well.
And no other requests.
Cool.
So that looks good.
So now all the code inside of our React application is going to try to go to post again when we're running
this React application on our local machine.
Whenever we make that request, our local operating system is going to take that post and redirect the
request to our local machine instead, where it will be handled by Kubernetes.
So now that our React application is all updated, we need to create an image out of this thing.
We're going to create the image and then we will write out a config file to make a deployment so we
can actually host this inside of our Kubernetes cluster.
We need to not only make a deployment, we need to make sure make a cluster IP as well so that the ingress
engine controller can eventually direct traffic to this pod so we can serve out the HTML, CSS and JavaScript
out of it.
Okay.
So let's go back over to our terminal.
We're going to change into that client directory and build an image out of the React application.
So I'll go back over to client.
I'll do a Docker build RT my Docker ID and I'll call this image client.
And then don't forget the dot at the very end.
So there's the image.
I'll push it up to Docker Hub.
So, Docker push my Docker ID client.
And there we go.
So now I've pushed that image up.
We're now going to go back over to our code editor and we're going to start to write out another config
file to create a deployment to host this.
Image that we just put together and a cluster IP service to go along with it.
So back inside of my info directory, I'll find K inside that will make a new file called client dash
devel html.
The deployment that we're going to create inside of here is going to be just about identical to all
the other deployments we already put together.
So rather than write all this stuff out from scratch, I'm just going to go over to the common staple
file.
I'm going to copy everything inside of there and then paste it into client.
I'll then go through all the copy pasted stuff and I'll update comments to client instead.
So I will do five updates right there.
I'll then go down to the service at the bottom and I'll update three times.
Comment over to client and then finally remember a Create React app application is hosted on port 3000
but can update those ports like so.
Okay.
So now last step, we'll go ahead and apply this thing to our Kubernetes cluster.
I'm going to change back over to my infra aids directory and I'll do a CTL apply f client dash devel
html.
Okay.
That should be it.
So now that our React application is running inside of here, the last thing we have to do.
This really is the last thing we need to set up all those routing rules.
We need to make sure that anytime we get an incoming request to that ingress controller, it understands
where to route the request off to.
So let's start to write out all those routing rules in the next video.